[ADD] Lunch: Manage orders and vendors (#8684)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/lunch/management.rst

==============
Managing Lunch
==============

In Odoo's *Lunch* application, it is required to have someone manage the orders, vendors, and
products. In addition, someone must be responsible for the orders, and notifying employees when
their orders have arrived. This can be the same person.

In order to manage the *Lunch* application, the user must have :guilabel:`Administrator` rights set
for the :guilabel:`Lunch` application. This is verified by navigating to :menuselection:`Settings
app --> → Manage Users`. Then click on a user to view the various settings. For more information on
access rights, refer to the :doc:`Access rights </applications/general/users/access_rights/>`

> documentation.

Author: I used a blend- thank you! It shortened it up a bit =)

.. note::
   Only users with administration rights are able to view anything other than :guilabel:`My Lunch`
   in the *Lunch* app.

.. _lunch/todays-orders:

Today's Orders
==============

To view and manage the orders for the day, navigate to :menuselection:`Lunch app --> Manager:

> Today's Orders`. All orders for the day are presented in a list view on the :guilabel:`Today's

Author: This was my mistake- I mixed up our methodology in my last two docs. We only use the colon when there is a sub-section within the drop-down. You are totally correct in this instance!

Orders` dashboard, with a filter for :guilabel:`Today`, and grouped by :guilabel:`Vendor`, by
default.

The :guilabel:`Order Date`, :guilabel:`Vendor`, :guilabel:`Product`, :guilabel:`Extras`,
:guilabel:`Notes`, :guilabel:`User`, :guilabel:`Lunch Location`, :guilabel:`Price`,
:guilabel:`Status`, and :guilabel:`Company` information appear in the list.

> 

Author: I think I understand- I explained the fields.

.. image:: management/today.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The list that appears in the Today's Orders dashboard, with the filters and top column
         names highlighted.

.. _lunch/cancel:

> Cancel Orders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cancel orders
```

-------------

If an order needs to be canceled and should not be sent to the vendor, individual products can be
canceled one at a time.

From the :guilabel:`Today's Orders` dashboard, a :guilabel:`✖️ Cancel` icon appears at the end of
each product line that has a red :guilabel:`Status` tag of :guilabel:`Ordered`. If an item needs to
be canceled, click the :guilabel:`✖️ Cancel` icon to cancel the order for that single product.

.. image:: management/cancel.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Order lines with the cancel icon highlighted.

.. _lunch/send-orders:

Send Orders
-----------

> The first step in managing the *Lunch* app is to send the orders to the vendors.

Reviewer: Is this always the first step? If so, I'd put this section above the "Cancel Orders" step

Author: I left the cancel above it because you need to cancel items before they are sent to the vendor. Also, anyone can cancel their own order- not just managers. I added a line to that affect in the cancel section, so this is the first thing for managers to acutally manage and send/receive orders.

When orders are ready to be sent, click the :guilabel:`Send Orders` button that appears next to each
vendor's name and phone number.

Once sent, the :guilabel:`Send Orders` button changes to a :guilabel:`Confirm Orders` button, and

> the red :guilabel:`Ordered` tags change to blue :guilabel:`Sent` tags, indicating the order has been

Reviewer: adding more detail about which column gets updated. If you like this suggestion, I'd change it below when the status changes from the blue "Sent" to green "Received," as well!
```suggestion
the :guilabel:`Status` column is updated from the red :guilabel:`Ordered` tags to blue :guilabel:`Sent` tags, indicating the order has been
```

   where orders are stored while waiting to be picked up by employees. These are parts of the
   *Lunch* app flow that are not configured within Odoo and are determined by each individual
   company.

Control Vendors
===============

All orders for all vendors, both past and present, can be found in the *Control Vendors* dashboard.
To access these records, navigate to :menuselection:`Lunch app --> Manager --> Control Vendors`.

All orders appear in a list view, grouped alphabetically by :guilabel:`Vendor`. The list loads with
all vendors expanded to show all order lines for every vendor by default.

The list displays the :guilabel:`Order Date`, :guilabel:`Vendor`, :guilabel:`Product`,
:guilabel:`Extras`, :guilabel:`Notes`, :guilabel:`User`, :guilabel:`Lunch Location`,
:guilabel:`Price`, and :guilabel:`Status`. If in a multi-company database, a :guilabel:`Company`
field appears.

Orders can be :ref:`canceled <lunch/cancel>`, :ref:`sent to the vendor <lunch/send-orders>`,
:ref:`confirmed <lunch/confirm-orders>` upon arrival, and :ref:`employees can be notified
<lunch/notify>` using the same method as on the :ref:`Today's Orders <lunch/todays-orders>`

> dashboard.

Reviewer: OOooh I really like this summary with the ref links to the sections. I'd actually move this up to the very beginning of your doc, in line , right after this line:
> ... their orders have arrived. This can be the same person.

Author: I did a mix- I added it to both, and updated the text it so it makes sense. I wanted to make sure that people understood it's best to use the Today's Orders dashboard (easier and more clear) than the Contorl Vendors- BUT that they can do the same thing.

================
Lunch management
================

In Odoo's *Lunch* application, it is required to have someone manage the orders, vendors, and
products. In addition, someone must be responsible for the orders, and notifying employees when
their orders have arrived. This can be the same person.

Orders can be :ref:`canceled <lunch/cancel>`, :ref:`sent to the vendor <lunch/send-orders>`,
:ref:`confirmed <lunch/confirm-orders>` upon arrival, and :ref:`employees can be notified
<lunch/notify>`, either from the :ref:`Today's Orders <lunch/todays-orders>` dashboard, or the
:ref:`Control Vendors <lunch/control_vendors>` dashboard.

To manage the *Lunch* app, users need the appropriate :guilabel:`Administrator` rights. These can be
set by navigating to the :menuselection:`Settings app` and selecting :guilabel:`Manage Users`. Then,
click on the desired user to view their access rights.

For more information on access rights, refer to the :doc:`Access rights

> </applications/general/users/access_rights/>` documentation.

Reviewer 2: Please use a _relative_ path :)
Relative meaning the path **_from_** the doc you are editing **_to_** the doc you are referencing
```suggestion
<../../general/users/access_rights/>` documentation.
```

- :guilabel:`Lunch Location`: where the product is set to be delivered.
- :guilabel:`Price`: the total price for the product, including all extras.
- :guilabel:`Status`: the current status of the product.
- :guilabel:`Company`: the company under which the order was placed. This only appears in a
  multi-company database.

.. image:: management/today.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The list that appears in the Today's Orders dashboard, with the filters and top column
         names highlighted.

.. _lunch/cancel:

Cancel orders
-------------

All users can cancel an order, not just managers of the *Lunch* app.

To cancel an order from a vendor, individual products **must** be canceled one at a time.

On the :guilabel:`Today's Orders` dashboard, a :guilabel:`✖️ Cancel` icon is shown at the far-right
of each product line that can be canceled. Click the :guilabel:`✖️ Cancel` icon to cancel the order
for that individual product.

.. note::
   Only products with a red :guilabel:`Status` tag of :guilabel:`Ordered` can be canceled.

.. image:: management/cancel.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Order lines with the cancel icon highlighted.

.. _lunch/send-orders:

> Send Orders
> -----------

Reviewer 2: Use sentence case for these order action sections since they are not part of the **Manager** menu item walk-through :)
```suggestion
Send orders
-----------
```

The first step in managing the *Lunch* app is to send the orders to the vendors.

When orders are ready to be sent, the manager responsible for sending orders **must** send the
orders to the vendor, outside of the database (call, online order, etc.).

Once orders have been placed with the vendors, click the :guilabel:`Send Orders` button that appears
next to each vendor's name and phone number.

Once sent, the :guilabel:`Send Orders` button changes to a :guilabel:`Confirm Orders` button, and
the :guilabel:`Status` column is updated from red :guilabel:`Ordered` tags to blue :guilabel:`Sent`
tags, indicating the order has been sent to the vendor. Users who have placed orders in the *Lunch*
app rely on the :guilabel:`Status` tags to track their orders.

.. image:: management/send.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A vendor's order with the X Cancel and Send Orders buttons highlighted.

.. _lunch/confirm-orders:

> Confirm Orders

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Confirm orders
```

--------------

After orders have been sent to the vendor, the next step is to confirm the orders after they have
been delivered.

On the :guilabel:`Today's Orders` dashboard, click the :guilabel:`Confirm Orders` button that
appears next to the vendor's name and phone number.

Once confirmed, the :guilabel:`Confirm Orders` button disappears, and the :guilabel:`Status` column
is updated from blue :guilabel:`Sent` tags to green :guilabel:`Received` tags, indicating the vendor
has delivered the orders.

In addition, the :guilabel:`✖️ Cancel` icon at the end of each product line changes to a
:guilabel:`✉️ Send Notification` icon.

If needed, instead of confirming all of the individual products from a vendor, individual products

> can be confirmed one at a time. To confirm an individual product, click the :guilabel:`✔️ Confirm`
> icon at the end of the individual product line. When confirming individual products with this

Reviewer 2: This is a nitpick– but the term "button" seems more fitting here since these are not just an icon but a button with an icon and text.
```suggestion
can be confirmed one at a time. To confirm an individual product, click the :guilabel:`✔️ Confirm`
button at the end of the individual product line. When confirming individual products with this
```

Author: I was torn because it doesn't have the outline and it doesn't "look" like a button. I originally thought button but changed my mind- I am glad you convinced me otherwise =)

Author: I updated all of them- the send notification, cancel, etc- they wre all referenced as icons.

- :guilabel:`Notes`: any information needed to be sent to the vendor.
- :guilabel:`User`: the user who ordered the product.
- :guilabel:`Lunch Location`: where the product is set to be delivered.
- :guilabel:`Price`: the total price for the product, including all extras.
- :guilabel:`Status`: the current status of the product.
- :guilabel:`Company`: the company under which the order was placed. This only appears in a
  multi-company database.

Orders can be :ref:`canceled <lunch/cancel>`, :ref:`sent to the vendor <lunch/send-orders>`,
:ref:`confirmed <lunch/confirm-orders>` upon arrival, and :ref:`employees can be notified
<lunch/notify>` using the same method as on the :ref:`Today's Orders <lunch/todays-orders>`
dashboard.

.. image:: management/control.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A list view of all the orders as seen in the Control Vendors dashboard.

.. note::
   The difference between the :ref:`Today's Orders <lunch/todays-orders>` dashboard and the
   :ref:`Control Vendors <lunch/control_vendors>` dashboard is that the *Today's Orders* dashboard
   **only** displays orders for the current day, while the :guilabel:`Control Vendors` dashboard

>    displays **all** orders made in the *Lunch* app.

Reviewer 2: It may be helpful to link the other docs?
```suggestion
   displays **all** orders made in the *Lunch* app.
   
.. seealso::
   - :doc:`../lunch`
   - :doc:`orders`
   - :doc:`user-accounts`
```

==============

> Managing Lunch

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Lunch management
```
we're always trying to avoid using -ing words for the doc titles, so that's where this little suggestion is coming from 😄

==============

In Odoo's *Lunch* application, it is required to have someone manage the orders, vendors, and
products. In addition, someone must be responsible for the orders, and notifying employees when
their orders have arrived. This can be the same person.

Orders can be :ref:`canceled <lunch/cancel>`, :ref:`sent to the vendor <lunch/send-orders>`,
:ref:`confirmed <lunch/confirm-orders>` upon arrival, and :ref:`employees can be notified

> <lunch/notify>`, from the :ref:`Today's Orders <lunch/todays-orders>` dashboard, or the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<lunch/notify>`, either from the :ref:`Today's Orders <lunch/todays-orders>` dashboard, or the
```

:ref:`Control Vendors <lunch/control_vendors>` dashboard.

> To manage the *Lunch* app, users need :guilabel:`Administrator` rights, set by navigating to the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To manage the *Lunch* app, users need the appropriate :guilabel:`Administrator` rights. These can be set by navigating to the
```

:menuselection:`Settings app` and selecting :guilabel:`Manage Users`. Then, click on the desired
user to view their access rights.

For more information on access rights, refer to the :doc:`Access rights
</applications/general/users/access_rights/>` documentation.

.. note::
   Only users with administration rights are able to view the :guilabel:`Manager` and

>    :guilabel:`Configuration` menus.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Configuration` menus in the *Lunch* application.
```

.. _lunch/todays-orders:

Today's Orders
==============

To view and manage the orders for the day, navigate to :menuselection:`Lunch app --> Manager -->
Today's Orders`. All orders for the day are presented in a list view on the :guilabel:`Today's
Orders` dashboard, with a filter for :guilabel:`Today`, and grouped by :guilabel:`Vendor`, by
default.

The following information appears in the list:

- :guilabel:`Order Date`: the date the order was placed.
- :guilabel:`Vendor`: the vendor the product is being ordered from.
- :guilabel:`Product`: the specific product ordered.
- :guilabel:`Extras`: any extras selected for the product.
- :guilabel:`Notes`: any information needed to be sent to the vendor.
- :guilabel:`User`: the user who ordered the product.

> - :guilabel:`Lunch Location`: where the product is to be delivered.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Lunch Location`: where the product is set to be delivered.
```

- :guilabel:`Price`: the total price for the product, including all extras.
- :guilabel:`Status`: the current status of the product.

> - :guilabel:`Company`: the company the order was placed under. This only appears in a multi-company

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Company`: the company under which the order was placed. This only appears in a multi-company
```

  database.

.. image:: management/today.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The list that appears in the Today's Orders dashboard, with the filters and top column
         names highlighted.

.. _lunch/cancel:

Cancel orders
-------------

All users can cancel an order, not just managers of the *Lunch* app.

> To cancel an order from a vendor, individual products can be canceled one at a time.

Reviewer 3: Is the intent of this sentence to be: "to cancel an order from a vendor, individual products **must** be canceled one at a time"?

If so, you may want to make that adjustment.

If not, you may want to consider a quick rewording of this sentence for easier readability/comprehension.

Author: Yes- that's what I mean! You can't cancel a whole order (not sure why) but each individual product.

On the :guilabel:`Today's Orders` dashboard, a :guilabel:`✖️ Cancel` icon is shown at the far-right
of each product line that can be canceled. Click the :guilabel:`✖️ Cancel` icon to cancel the order
for that individual product.

.. note::
   Only products with a red :guilabel:`Status` tag of :guilabel:`Ordered` can be canceled.

.. image:: management/cancel.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Order lines with the cancel icon highlighted.

.. _lunch/send-orders:

Send Orders
-----------

The first step in managing the *Lunch* app is to send the orders to the vendors.

When orders are ready to be sent, click the :guilabel:`Send Orders` button that appears next to each

> vendor's name and phone number.

Reviewer 3: a helpful reminder, via some elaboration/clarification, on where the user can *send* orders from the app, may help you paint a more "clear" picture for the reader

Author: Ahh yes- NOPE, theyhave to CALL or email or however they do the orders.

Once sent, the :guilabel:`Send Orders` button changes to a :guilabel:`Confirm Orders` button, and
the :guilabel:`Status` column is updated from red :guilabel:`Ordered` tags to blue :guilabel:`Sent`
tags, indicating the order has been sent to the vendor. Users who have placed orders in the *Lunch*
app rely on the :guilabel:`Status` tags to track their orders.

.. image:: management/send.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A vendor's order with the X Cancel and Send Orders buttons highlighted.

.. _lunch/confirm-orders:

Confirm Orders
--------------

After orders have been sent to the vendor, the next step is to confirm the orders after they have
been delivered.

> On the :guilabel:`Today's Orders` dashboard, click the :guilabel:`Confirm Orders` button that
> appears next to the vendor's name and phone number. Once confirmed, the :guilabel:`Confirm Orders`
> button disappears, and the :guilabel:`Status` column is updated from blue :guilabel:`Sent` tags to
> green :guilabel:`Received` tags, indicating the vendor has delivered the orders. In addition, the
> :guilabel:`✖️ Cancel` icon at the end of each product line changes to a :guilabel:`✉️ Send
> Notification` icon.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On the :guilabel:`Today's Orders` dashboard, click the :guilabel:`Confirm Orders` button that
appears next to the vendor's name and phone number. 

Once confirmed, the :guilabel:`Confirm Orders` button disappears, and the :guilabel:`Status` column
is updated from blue :guilabel:`Sent` tags to green :guilabel:`Received` tags, indicating the vendor
has delivered the orders.

In addition, the :guilabel:`✖️ Cancel` icon at the end of each product line changes to a
:guilabel:`✉️ Send Notification` icon.
```

Reviewer 3: just breaking up an otherwise chunky paragraph

If needed, instead of confirming all of the individual products from a vendor, individual products

> can be marked as confirmed. To confirm an individual product, click the :guilabel:`✔️ Confirm` icon

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
can be confirmed one at a time. To confirm an individual product, click the :guilabel:`✔️ Confirm` icon
```

at the end of the individual product line. When confirming individual products with this method, the
:guilabel:`Confirm Orders` button remains on the vendor line.

.. image:: management/confirm.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Today's Orders dashboard, with the two different ways to confirm an order highlighted.

.. example::

>    A vendor receives an order for three pizzas and an order of garlic knots. When the delivery is

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   A vendor receives an order for three pizzas, and an order of garlic knots. When the delivery is
```

   made to the company, the *Lunch* manager notices the garlic knots are missing.

>    The manager first marks the three pizzas as received by individually confirming the products with

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The manager first marks the three pizzas as received, by individually confirming the products with
```

   the :guilabel:`✔️ Confirm` icon at the end of each product line.

   Later, when the vendor delivers the garlic knots, the manager can either click the :guilabel:`✔️
   Confirm` icon at the end of the line for the garlic knots, or click the :guilabel:`Confirm
   Orders` button that appears next to the vendor's name and phone number.

.. _lunch/notify:

Notify employees
----------------

> After products are received and the orders are confirmed, the employees must be informed that their
> orders have been delivered and are ready to be picked up.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After products are received, and orders are confirmed, the employees **must** be informed that their
orders have been delivered, and are ready to be picked up.
```

> Unlike sending and confirming orders, notifications must be sent individually and cannot be sent in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Unlike sending and confirming orders, notifications must be sent individually, and cannot be sent in
```

a batch.

To notify the user their product has arrived, click the :guilabel:`✉️ Send Notification` icon at the
end of each product line. An email is sent to the user informing them their products have been
delivered.

.. important::
   It is important for each individual company to configure their day-to-day workflow to include
   the necessary steps for the *Lunch* app. That includes designating people to be responsible for
   sending and confirming orders, informing employees when orders have arrived, and determining
   where orders are stored while waiting to be picked up by employees. These are parts of the
   *Lunch* app flow that are not configured within Odoo and are determined by each individual

>    company.

Reviewer 3: I *do* feel like you've mentioned something similar to this in the earlier part of the doc, so you may not actually need this admonition. Just a suggestion...

.. _lunch/control_vendors:

Control Vendors
===============

All orders for all vendors, both past and present, can be found in the *Control Vendors* dashboard.
To access these records, navigate to :menuselection:`Lunch app --> Manager --> Control Vendors`.

All orders appear in a list view, grouped alphabetically by :guilabel:`Vendor`. The list loads with

> all vendors expanded to show all order lines for every vendor by default.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
all vendors expanded to show all order lines for every vendor, by default.
```

The following information appears in the list:

- :guilabel:`Order Date`: the date the order was placed.
- :guilabel:`Vendor`: the vendor the product is being ordered from.
- :guilabel:`Product`: the specific product ordered.
- :guilabel:`Extras`: any extras selected for the product.
- :guilabel:`Notes`: any information needed to be sent to the vendor.
- :guilabel:`User`: the user who ordered the product.

> - :guilabel:`Lunch Location`: where the product is to be delivered.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Lunch Location`: where the product is set to be delivered.
```

- :guilabel:`Price`: the total price for the product, including all extras.
- :guilabel:`Status`: the current status of the product.

> - :guilabel:`Company`: the company the order was placed under. This only appears in a multi-company

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Company`: the company under which the order was placed. This only appears in a multi-company
```

  database.

Orders can be :ref:`canceled <lunch/cancel>`, :ref:`sent to the vendor <lunch/send-orders>`,
:ref:`confirmed <lunch/confirm-orders>` upon arrival, and :ref:`employees can be notified
<lunch/notify>` using the same method as on the :ref:`Today's Orders <lunch/todays-orders>`
dashboard.

.. image:: management/control.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The list of all orders as seen in the Control Vendors dashboard.

.. note::
   The difference between the :ref:`Today's Orders <lunch/todays-orders>` dashboard and the

>    *Control Vendors* dashboard is that the *Today's Orders* dashboard **only** displays orders for
>    the current day, while the *Control Vendors* dashboard displays **all** orders made in the
>    *Lunch* app.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Control Vendors` dashboard is that the *Today's Orders* dashboard **only** displays orders for
   the current day, while the :guilabel:`Control Vendors` dashboard displays **all** orders made in the
   *Lunch* app.
```
I'm suggesting the use of GUIs for the Control Vendors mentions in this admonition because, at this point in the doc, the reader/user is *on* that page, if they're following along with your instructions. So, since it is technically appearing on the UI at this point, and the Today's Orders dashboard is not, that's why I went with this suggestion.

Author: Ahh, OK- becuse I though it is not expliitly on the UI, I don't know where they are in their DB, and there are two different dashboards- they can't be in both places at the same time. I prefer this but I didn't know if it was 'allowed' =)
